[Music]
[Applause]
we should film an intro at some point
[Music]
[Applause]
so right now we're looking at Matt for
garlic which is an Italian wine Bistro
there's Ganga which is some good Indian
food and there's a TGI Fridays you need
some Korean food maybe I'm actually down
for a green bar because we can find it I
know that's not the bloody bit you were
hoping to finish this off with but but I
just don't know where you could find it
all so how do we you're so impressive
we're here by the way at the same time
as the Korean film festival or Busan
Film Festival what's call brownie we
have roots on film does Aleeah Busan
Film Festival and so we probably look
like famous American celebrities and
film producers
we have found a really cool cafe on the
beach that I don't know but it's pretty
neat today is all about adapting to life
can be Sun so that tomorrow whenever we
are ready we can hit the ground running
we don't worry about time zone issues or
any of that stuff so you know we're kind
of exploring the city getting our
bearings finding out where we can eat
Broden my trying to find like a Wi-Fi
egg because I've got project by so I
don't have to worry about it Fordham
should get that and yeah things are
things are nice today it's just the calm
before the storm
very hot
[Music]
we what do you think about getting
looking at the fried chicken and sweet
chilli sauce
what are those ivories chicken chips
does that chicken are they chips
and then we don't know if those Cheetos
are now they've got the black label oh
stop
Cheetos black label so must be good
everyone its Travis you may have missed
me from the last scene when she's inside
it's really rough this is Julia cerissa
rift Herald or polygon I don't know and
probably she's a junior writer for rift
Herald on the site lead I leave that one
we're trying to find an egg for Broden
because he's dumb and doesn't have Wi-Fi
or he doesn't have like good I have
project by I don't need worry about this
he's desperate for Internet where that's
already getting backed up oh hello
I don't see they're much like how Breton
doesn't see the two people that he's
about to know
good job okay pivot back go back
Julia tell us what Korea real awesome
it's the best country in the world why
like free clean and the food's amazing
and there's a lot to do all the
like what like we didn't come up with
something to do for the past hour
well anyway we're trying to go find
probably for dinner which will hopefully
be pretty hype and
there's one see thanks everyone watching
this video if you've gotten this far in
you know it's probably significant
amount of the way in and I know this is
nice to have you we wanted to do more of
these vlogs for a while
and now we can because people started
watching so hopefully you're watching
this instead of sitting at 10k views or
less that'd be awful if it is please
share it with people get it out there
because you guys are holding up these
bikers you're holding out the bikers and
connect beer we should go there
[Music]
are you doing this for me
looks too dirty what do today wait why'd
you say oh god you're already in the
blog you're also too short to even be in
the shot so pathetic we are in the heart
of Busan right now I think is this a
hundred part of your son it's the heart
of Rhys on cue you say this every time
we're somewhere yeah yeah well we're
always on the heart of where we're at we
are going to find food we're gonna
probably invited herself I said
[Music]
I don't need to check the prices are you
kidding me you Gigi sending me the
world's baby look
oh well they won
this is so cool it's outside there's a
barbecue there's like people walking
around Korea
[Music]
all right we are done with dinner all
these in a great mood as you could tell
she didn't like the pork anything I
don't know it whatever we're done with
this meal we're moving on it's supposed
to do the outro you know normally we're
not supposed to say where the players
are staying and which hotel and I know
Ryan might get kind of frustrated with
me about this but I won't tell you which
team but one of them is staying in this
hotel right
you proud of yourself can someone buy me
one
[Music]
that feels good
I got a Winnie the Pooh how many games
like to 18th of last choice yeah can we
merge yeah we can merge oh yeah yeah
let's merge I like the note babe okay
not mine not yours no no no I'm keeping
my yeah I'm keeping mine I'm not
changing it get that camera out of my
face well how many more do we need just
worried I'm worried cuz they're all how
does it feel to be a god I only got four
I aced it I will pay you back home down
seven rapoo what where's the poo I stuck
at my pocket cuz I didn't want anybody
to take it this is the behind-the-scenes
stuff that you don't see anywhere else
you're just like a machine gun it was
really scary
never betray Broden neilmel Travis
[Music]
more money more money
wait you're hugging her I was the one
that did muscle work like when tourists
are trying to win flip they like
purposely really like rip you off well
like the second give us the hook-up
normal I love it
Julius obsessed with claw machines just
talk about it we see a claw machine
so last time I came to Korea I can't
went home with about 20 to 30 stuffed
animals so I wouldn't stop yeah I'm
going at these things my parents tell me
please don't go I went to central
another day and what a bunch and my I
sent a picture to my parents and they're
like don't like you better stop so sorry
mommy
let's go
machines like this are no good because
it's filled to much of the top so even
if you put a level
yeah it'll the friction from the other
ones riding it will bring it back down I
can I can hear my parents cry we don't
need to maintain these well cuz I know I
need a break I need a break
you have to try yourself anything in the
farm when I want to squirtle I unlike
really eyes on the prize let's win on
edition
yeah and then you kind of line it up and
you want to grab the heaviest part of it
Oh
[Music]
give me the intial to then get the
joseon I picked up one in the front and
I picked up the same I did pick a and
everything happened yeah my arms are
tired
yeah now you know the struggle you
talked a big game Julie but
who do you have a price yeah the one
that we all want for you I don't believe
you I'm sure you gotta prove it how much
more money you got
so are we retiring I'll put in another
ten if we fight about this place Angelia
just lie
my pride is shattered right now from my
failure of winning a crane games but I
promise I promise that I've won stuff
before you know I promise not just like
you know it's been formed it's
performance anxiety
I just can't do it in front of Travis
and everyone well everyone that's vlog
number two we did a lot of cool stuff
Travis is currently incapacitated on the
bed so we can't do this yeah this is all
really exciting by the way don't look in
the description there's some stuff in
there that you probably don't want to
see Travis wants you to see it but I'm
saying thanks to you da Jie Jie